# Technology

## Ethereum

Ethereum is a decentralised platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party interference. It is developed by the[ Ethereum Foundation](https://ethereum.org/foundation), a Swiss nonprofit, with contributions from great minds across the globe.

## Milestones

Sub-objectives or stages into which a program or project is divided for monitoring and measurement of work performance.

In Aish's algorithm confirmed milestone become as possible investment goal. With each new milestones new shares can be purchased. Subscriptions will automatically invest a specific amount of your investment plan into newly confirmed milestones based on your interests.

More specifically a milestone is a scheduled event that indicates the completion of a major deliverable event \(or a set thereof\) of a project. Milestones are measurable and observable and serve as progress markers \(flags\) but, by definition, are independent of time \(have zero durations\) therefore no work or consumption of resources is associated with them.

## Codebase

In software development, a codebase \(or code base\) refers to a whole collection of source code that is used to build a particular software system, application, or software component. Typically, a codebase includes only human-written source code files; thus, a codebase usually does not include source code files generated by tools \(generated files\) or binary library files \(object files\), as they can be built from the human-written source code. However, it generally does include configuration and property files, as they are the data necessary for the build.

Aish's source code is open source and publicly hosted in parallel on  www.gitlab.com an Open Source current version control system and www.github.com. Any contributor or contribution will be visible to the general public.

## Git

Current version system originally developed to maintain the Linux core, a open source software project with millions of independent developers and companies contributing. Its currently the standard for code versioning. This white paper is also part of a git repository and maybe be altered at any committable time. Commits and pull requests are the core concept of git and require the person contributing code, to commit to changes. This implements quality control of ones own alternations. With pull requests one developer or author requests to merge his changes \(commits\) into the core

## Docker Container

Dockeris an open-source project that automates the deployment of applications inside software containers. Quote of features from Docker web pages:

> Docker containers wrap up a piece of software in a complete filesystem that contains everything it needs to run: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries – anything you can install on a server. This guarantees that it will always run the same, regardless of the environment it is running in.\[5\]

Docker containers are designed and named after the concept of shipping containers, that revolutionised the way we think and enabled globalisation by packing any sort product into uniform and standardised containers across all shipping companies.

## DOA

A decentralized autonomous organization \(DAO\), sometimes labeled a decentralized autonomous corporation\(DAC\), is an organization computer programs that is run through rules encoded as smart contracts\[1\] called blockchain\[1\].\[2\]\[3\]:229A DAO's financial transaction record and program rules are maintained on a\[4\].:229 There are several examples of this business model. The precise legal status of this type of business organization is unclear.

The best-known example wasThe DAO, a DAO for venture capital funding, which was launched with $150 million in crowdfunding in June 2016 and was immediately hacked and drained of US$50 million in cryptocurrency.

---

# Future Politics & Economics

Terms listed ought to be crucial for understanding how to survive for Aish in a world of computational decision making. Aish assumes the data analysis and collection can both guide quality decision making on a financial and social level.

## Futarchy

Futarchy is a form of government proposed by economist Robin Hanson, in which elected officials define measures of national welfare, and prediction markets are used to determine which policies will have the most positive effect.

## Prediction Markets

Prediction markets \(also known as predictive markets, information markets, market prices, decision markets, idea futures, event derivatives, or virtual markets\) are exchange-traded markets created for the purpose of trading the outcome of events. The probability event can indicate what the crowd thinks the binary option of the is. A prediction market contract trades between 0 and 100%. It is at hat will expire at the price of 0 or 100%.

Research has suggested that prediction markets are at least as accurate as other institutions predicting the same events with a similar pool of participants.

## Now-Casting

Related researchers: Lucrezia Reichlin, [http://www.lucreziareichlin.eu/RP.aspx?pid=BookChapters\_en-GB&aid=96461770\_93446613](http://www.lucreziareichlin.eu/RP.aspx?pid=BookChapters_en-GB&aid=96461770_93446613)

---

# Artifical Intelligence Technologies and Companies

## Natural Language Generation

Producing text from computer data. Currently used in customer service, report generation, and summarizing business intelligence insights. Sample vendors: **Attivio, Automated Insights, Cambridge Semantics, Digital Reasoning, Lucidworks, Narrative Science, SAS, Yseop**.

## **Speech Recognition**

Transcribe and transform human speech into format useful for computer applications. Currently used in interactive voice response systems and mobile applications. Sample vendors: **NICE, Nuance Communications, OpenText, Verint Systems**.

## Virtual Agents

“The current darling of the media,” says Forrester \(I believe they refer to my evolving relationships with Alexa\), from simple chatbots to advanced systems that can network with humans. Currently used in customer service and support and as a smart home manager. Sample vendors: **Amazon, Apple, Artificial Solutions, Assist AI, Creative Virtual, Google, IBM, IPsoft, Microsoft, Satisfi**.

## Machine Learning Platforms

Providing algorithms, APIs, development and training toolkits, data, as well as computing power to design, train, and deploy models into applications, processes, and other machines. Currently used in a wide range of enterprise applications, mostly \`involving prediction or classification. Sample vendors:** Amazon, Fractal Analytics, Google, H2O.ai, Microsoft, SAS, Skytree**.

## **AI-optimized Hardware**

Graphics processing units \(GPU\) and appliances specifically designed and architected to efficiently run AI-oriented computational jobs. Currently primarily making a difference in deep learning applications. Sample vendors: **Alluviate, Cray, Google, IBM, Intel, Nvidia**.

## **Decision Management**

Engines that insert rules and logic into AI systems and used for initial setup/training and ongoing maintenance and tuning. A mature technology, it is used in a wide variety of enterprise applications, assisting in or performing automated decision-making. Sample vendors: **Advanced Systems Concepts, Informatica, Maana, Pegasystems, UiPath**.

## **Deep Learning Platforms**

A special type of machine learning consisting of artificial neural networks with multiple abstraction layers. Currently primarily used in pattern recognition and classification applications supported by very large data sets. Sample vendors: **Deep Instinct, Ersatz Labs, Fluid AI, MathWorks, Peltarion, Saffron Technology, Sentient Technologies**.

## **Biometrics**

Enable more natural interactions between humans and machines, including but not limited to image and touch recognition, speech, and body language. Currently used primarily in market research. Sample vendors: **3VR, Affectiva, Agnitio, FaceFirst, Sensory, Synqera, Tahzoo**.

## **Robotic Process Automation**

Using scripts and other methods to automate human action to support efficient business processes. Currently used where it’s too expensive or inefficient for humans to execute a task or a process. Sample vendors: **Advanced Systems Concepts, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UiPath, WorkFusion**.

## **Text Analytics and NLP**

Natural language processing \(NLP\) uses and supports text analytics by facilitating the understanding of sentence structure and meaning, sentiment, and intent through statistical and machine learning methods. Currently used in fraud detection and security, a wide range of automated assistants, and applications for mining unstructured data. Sample vendors: **Basis Technology, Coveo, Expert System, Indico, Knime, Lexalytics, Linguamatics, Mindbreeze, Sinequa, Stratifyd, Synapsify**.

